==>   In Java, when we create an object of the class it occupies some space in the memory (heap). If we do not delete these objects, it remains in the memory and occupies unnecessary space that 
      is not upright from the aspect of programming. To resolve this problem, we use the destructor. 

==>  The destructor is the opposite of the constructor. The constructor is used to initialize objects while the destructor is used to delete or destroy the object that releases the resource occupied 
     by the object.

==>  Remember that there is no concept of destructor in Java. In place of the destructor, Java provides the garbage collector that works the same as the destructor. The garbage collector is a program (thread) 
    that runs on the JVM. It automatically deletes the unused objects (objects that are no longer used) and free-up the memory. The programmer has no need to manage memory, manually.
    It can be error-prone, vulnerable, and may lead to a memory leak.
    
    
 * *    What is the destructor in Java ? * *  
 It is a special method that automatically gets called when an object is no longer used. When an object completes its life-cycle the garbage collector deletes that object and deallocates or releases the memory occupied 
 by the object.It is also known as finalizers that are non-deterministic. In Java, the allocation and deallocation of objects handled by the garbage collector. The invocation of finalizers is not guaranteed because it 
 invokes implicitly.
 
 #  #  Advantages of Destructor # #
==>   It releases the resources occupied by the object.
==>   No explicit call is required, it is automatically invoked at the end of the program execution.
==>   It does not accept any parameter and cannot be overloaded.

How does destructor work?
When the object is created it occupies the space in the heap. These objects are used by the threads. If the objects are no longer is used by the thread it becomes eligible for the 
garbage collection . The memory occupied by that object is now available for new objects that are being created. It is noted that when the garbage collector destroys the object, the 
JRE calls the finalize() method to close the connections such as database and network connection.

From the above, we can conclude that using the destructor and garbage collector is the level of developer's interference to memory management. It is the main difference between the
two . The destructor notifies exactly when the object will be destroyed. While in Java the garbage collector does the same work automatically. These two approaches to memory 
management have positive and negative effects. But the main issue is that sometimes the developer needs immediate access to memory management.
